{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14120\viewh11460\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs26 \cf2 We thank the referee for their very insightful and useful comments, which we seek to address in full below.\'a0All changes in the revised version are marked in bold text; a new Figure 3 has been added; consequently the old Figures 3-6 have been shifted one up to Figures 4-7.\
\
>1. Section 3. The paper says: "Note that stationarity does not imply a constant light curve: it \
>merely implies that the variance in the light curve over any given time interval must be the \
>same as over any other interval." This is not quite right, as one expects random fluctuations \
>in the sample variance even for stationary random processes. It might be worth pointing out \
>that stationarity involves the average properties of the variance, and that the time intervals \
>should be of the same length.\'a0\
\
RESPONSE: We have amended the text to make it more precise in the way suggested. Our aim with this sentence was to point out to those readers with perhaps not a strong background in time series analysis that stationarity does not imply an absence of intrinsic variability beyond that induced by Poisson statistics.\
\
>2. Section 3.1. "This is fairly conservative by design: we prefer to overfit a simple burst \
>rather than underfit a periodogram with complex structure" - why not fit all bursts with the\'a0\
> broken power law model? That gives an even treatment to all data, avoids underfitting, and \
> simplifies the computation.\
\
RESPONSE:\'a0The original reasoning for including a model selection step in the analysis was an interest in the variability properties beyond searching for QPOs. In Huppenkothen et al (2014) we studied the broadband noise properties along with a QPO search. Here, we kept the method identical to provide consistency and comparability with this previous work. Additionally, while we have opted to restrict ourselves to a QPO search only, we intend to study the overall variability properties in a future work. We have added a sentence to Section 3.1 pointing this out.\
\
\
> 3. Section 3.1. "across 14 different frequency resolutions" - I would like to see this explained a bit more. \
> How were these decided and how were they used?\
\
RESPONSE: We added a paragraph to Section 3.1 to describe the frequency binning in more detail.\'a0\
\
\
> 4. Section 3.1. "(p < 6.33 x 10^-5 for a single trial, or p < 5.7 x 10^-9 taking into account all bursts and \
> frequency resolutions)" - are these the wrong way round?\
\
RESPONSE: Indeed they are. This has been fixed.\
\
>5. Section 3.2. I would like to see an example of one or two of the good "clusters" discussed in this section. Perhaps the \
>data for SGR 1806-20 showing the detection, and one other showing no detection.\'a0\
\
RESPONSE: We have added a new Figure 3 to illustrate an averaged periodogram with the candidate detection that remained significant throughout all tests versus an averaged periodogram without detection.\
\
>6. Section 3.2. In general the average periodogram will depend on how the individual\
>periodograms were normalized. Were they computed in the Leahy system then averaged? \
>Or in the rms/flux system then averaged? In the former case, a brighter burst will have larger \
>Fourier amplitudes (at low frequencies where the burst variance is higher than the Poisson \
>noise) and will dominate the average. This can affect the mean and the distribution of \
>powers. The way that the bursts are normalized prior to averaging (=weighted) needs to be \
>treated carefully; there is no "best" way to normalize the periodograms of bursts with \
>different durations and count rates.\
\
RESPONSE: We were aware of this problem during the analysis. This is one of the reasons why we checked all individual bursts for signals that may have dominated the average, and only accepted a candidate signal as potential QPO if it was significant against random samples of bursts also. \'a0\
\
>7. In a few places, e.g. second paragraph of section 4, fourth paragraph of section 4.2, third >paragraph of section 6, the paper has "rxte" (lower case) but elsewhere RXTE (upper case >italic face). I suspect there is a LaTeX bug here.\
\
RESPONSE: This was indeed a LaTeX bug, which should now be fixed.\
\
8. Section 4. It is not so surprising that data of a (non-stationary) burst, containing <200 photons, with almost all the photons concentrated around the burst peak, does not translate into a periodogram with the standard chi-square distribution. The chi-square distribution only arises as a consequence of the central limit theorem, which only holds under certain conditions such as in the limit of large N (long light curves), and restrictions on the distribution of the data, x(t). I am surprised this issue has not been discussed before given the long history of timing using photon counting instruments. Are the authors aware of any literature in this area? (If so, they should cite it.)\
\
RESPONSE: To our knowledge, there exists no systematic exploration of the power spectrum of a non-stationary process in the limit of low count rates and low background. Tests generally employed in the gamma-ray astronomy community, where low-count rate light curves are common, assume a constant or at the very least stationary background to test against (usually for pulsations rather than QPOs), and previous work on bursts was performed at high frequencies in light curves with significantly higher count rates. We have added a statement to that effect in Section 4.\
\
\
>9. Figure 6. This could be replotted with a reduced range of powers, e.g. 0.1-1000. There is no need to show the very low >power range where there is no data.\
\
RESPONSE: This figure (now Figure 7 due to addition of a new Figure 3 above) has been replotted in a narrower frequency range, 0.8-1000 Hz.\
\
10. Section 5. Is it possible to elaborate a little more on the Bayesian method? What are the priors, how are they justified, and how sensitive are the results to the choice of priors?\
\
RESPONSE: We have expanded Section 5 to go into a little more detail into our choice of priors and the sensitivity to that choice. In general, the model is only sensitive to the choice of priors for model components with a peak count rate close to the background count rate. For RXTE\'92s low background, this is unlikely to be relevant. Additionally, a model consisting of a combination of many components with very small amplitude and a constant background will look very similar to a constant background-model alone in Fourier space, which leads us to believe that this is not an issue for the analysis here.\
}